<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/style001.css" type="text/css" /><title></title></head><body><h2 id="heading_id_11" class="center"><strong>Chapter 4</strong></h2><p>Hal emerged from the Black Gull&#39;s airlock, blinking in the sudden light. On the far side of the landing field the sun was setting behind the Lamira spaceport&#39;s administration block, which shimmered in the late afternoon heat. Clustered around the spaceport buildings were the &#39;A&#39; list - modern, powerful ships fitted with every comfort. Parked close to the amenities, their crews could dine at one of several restaurants, enjoy the heated swimming pool and browse the shopping arcade at their leisure.</p><p>Hal&#39;s ship was somewhat further down the alphabet, and was therefore sitting in a disused corner of the field about as far from the amenities as the nearest moon. The area around the <em>Black Gull</em> was little more than a graveyard for derelicts, and most of the landing pads nearby were occupied by graffiti-splashed wrecks with jagged gaps in their crumpled hulls. Some of the ships seemed familiar, and when Hal looked closer he realised the rusted hulks were Rigel-class freighters like his own. One or two were actually in better shape.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>. . .</p><h4 id="heading_id_12" class="center">* * *</h4><p>Clunk dropped the last chess piece into the small wooden box and looked around the flight deck. Despite his best efforts with the mop, it didn&#39;t look particularly clean, but compared to its previous state it was as sterile as a hospital ward. After a moment&#39;s hesitation, he sat in the pilot&#39;s chair. &quot;Navcom, do you have a business directory?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Run a search, please. All details on a company called Incubots.&quot;</p><p>There was a brief pause. &quot;Owned by Redge Muller. Incubots specialises in robot programming and advanced pilot training.&quot;</p><p>Clunk looked relieved. &quot;So that&#39;s what Mr. Jerling has in store for me. When I questioned him on the subject he was rather evasive.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Humans tell lies about the most trivial matters.&quot;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>. . .</p><h4 id="heading_id_13" class="center">* * *</h4><p>Hal left the maintenance vehicle in the spaceport&#39;s outer carpark and walked to the admin block. An information kiosk directed him to an elevator, where he pressed the button marked &#39;Portmaster&#39;.</p><p>Hal watched the floor numbers changing as he dropped further and further underground. He&#39;d expected the Portmaster to have a spacious office with a view of the whole landing field, but instead he seemed to have an office in the basement. Below the basement, amended Hal, eying the elevator&#39;s control panel. He&#39;d passed that already.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>. . .</p><h4 id="heading_id_14" class="center">* * *</h4><p>&quot;Simulation suspended, incoming message.&quot;</p><p>The cloud cities of Aklam faded from Clunk&#39;s vision. &quot;What?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Incoming message.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Are we meant to answer it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&#39;s Mr. Spacejock,&quot; said the Navcom.</p><p>Clunk sat up straight. &quot;Please open the connection.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, robot!&quot; called Hal.</p><p>&quot;Yes, sir?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Call Jerling and get me a loan. I need three hundred in cash for landing fees and fuel.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I don&#39;t think he&#39;ll lend you any money,&quot; said Clunk dubiously.</p><p>. . .</p></body></html>