<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/style001.css" type="text/css" /><title></title></head><body><h2 id="heading_id_15" class="center"><strong>Chapter 5</strong></h2><p>Portmaster Linten studied Hal across the desk, eyes narrowed. &quot;Are you telling me this Jerling character will pay your bill?&quot;</p><p>&quot;He has to. I can&#39;t deliver his cargo if the Gull is stuck here, can I?&quot;</p><p>The commset buzzed and Linten leant forward. &quot;Yes?&quot;</p><p>There was a crackling sound. &quot;Help! Fire!&quot; said a voice over the noise.</p><p>&quot;Who is this? What are you talking about?&quot;</p><p>&quot;The grass is burning,&quot; cried the voice. &quot;There&#39;s a fire on the landing field!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Which pad?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Fifty-two,&quot; said Hal, smothering a grin. &quot;That&#39;s Clunk.&quot; He leant towards the commset. &quot;Clunk, is the ship in danger from this, er, fire?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not yet, Mr Spacejock, but it soon will be. Would you like me to move it out of the way?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You keep your hands off the controls. I&#39;ll be there in a tick.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&#39;ll have to hurry, the fire&#39;s right up to the refuelling cluster. If that explodes--&quot;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>. . .</p><h4 id="heading_id_16" class="center">* * *</h4><p>&quot;Deploy fire hose!&quot; shouted Clunk.</p><p>&quot;Deploying.&quot; There was a whining sound outside the hull, which stopped with a sharp crack.</p><p>&quot;What was that?&quot;</p><p>&quot;The reel just fell off,&quot; said the Navcom.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>. . .</p></body></html>